Update dev box setup on Linux to specify cURL configuration for mbedTLS. (#2290)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c: doc/devbox_setup.md

  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install -y git cmake build-essential curl libcurl4-openssl-dev libssl-dev uuid-dev ca-certificates
  ```

>   NOTE: If you are planning to use HTTP with wolfSSL or mbedTLS, you must configure curl before installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  NOTE: If you are planning to use HTTP other than OpenSSL (ex: wolfSSL or mbedTLS), you must configure curl before installation.
```
